
The vast majority of my coding skills have been self-taught and although I've been fairly successful with it up until this point, I don't really have any way of receiving feedback regarding the work that I do beyond "does it work? yes or no".
 That being said, there are two really fundamental problems that I am hoping to work through over the course of this class. 

The first is the interaction between client-side pages and back end processes. 
I have a small amount of experience with this, but it is definitely something I struggle with. Whenever I'm working on stuff in this area it usually ends up feeling like I'm throwing things against a wall until something works. It would be nice to get a better handle on what is actually occurring and be able to work through those problems in a more organized manner. 

The second is more of a conceptual problem that stems from not having a computer science background.
While I've been able to learn syntax of different languages for the most part, I feel that I don't have a very strong grasp on the conceptual side of things. 
I'm hoping that being exposed to programing in a bit more of a structured environment will expose me to some of those more rudimentary programming concepts and ways of thinking that I simply haven't had the opportunity to learn







 when it comes to programing.
I feel that not having a computer science background has put me at a disadvantage when it comes to programing. 
While I've been able pickup syntax of different languages for the most part, I feel that I don't have a 
I'm hoping that being exposed to programing in a bit more of a structured environment will expose me to some of those more rudimentary programming concepts and ways of thinking that I simply haven't had the opportunity to learn


I didn't get opportunity to 


either confirm that my 

or

I want to be exposed to 

conceptual 


having some sort of 

that the way I approach different problems is  


a). Make sure that I'm from a conceptual level. 
I want to make sure 




As I start to learn and

I want to make sure that there isn't some underlying 





practical level 
I've struggled with is 
one of the things that I've struggled with is the interaction between client-side pages and back end processes. 
I have a small amount of experience with it but it always feels like I'm throwing things against a wall until something works, rather than having an complete understanding what as is actually occurring. 


rather than having an complete understanding what as is actually occurring. 



The issue that I'm burning to solve....





I've got a decent grasp on manipulating existing 
I would like to better understand 

