--Why are you applying to the Starter League?--
I currently work for a company as a web designer, writing a lot of html and css. 
Recently, I've started to become involved with projects that require different javascript components. I've been able to figure out a lot on my own, but feel that some direct instruction from someone who knows what they're doing would be greatly beneficial. 


I would benefit greatly from some direct instruction 

I'm hoping that a more structured 

 to the things that I do. While I've 
 I hoping 


--What is the one problem in your life that you are burning to solve? Why?--

The vast majority of my coding skills have been self-taught and although I've been fairly successful with it up until this point, I don't really have any way of receiving feedback regarding the work that I do beyond "does it work? yes or no".
That being said, there are two really fundamental problems that I am hoping to figure out through this class 




The issue that I'm burning to solve....
a). Make sure that I'm from a conceptual level. 
I want to make sure 




As I start to learn and

I want to make sure that there isn't some underlying 

practical level 
one of the things that I've struggled with is the interaction between client-side pages and back end processes. 
I have a small amount of experience with it but it always feels like I'm throwing things against a wall until something works, rather than having an complete understanding what as is actually occurring. 




I've got a decent grasp on manipulating existing 
I would like to better understand 


--Tell us a story that exemplifies who you are.--

I grew up in a small town in Iowa. Out of the 56 students in my high school graduating class, I was one of three kids that left the state to attend college. I ended up going to a school that was on the Wisconsin/Illinois border, roughly 300 miles from home. It was place I was completely unfamiliar with and I no longer had friends or family nearby to rely on. While it certainly wasn't the most rational thing to do at the time, it was an amazing experience that really shaped who am I as a person. Beyond that, it perfectly characterizes how I tend to approach things. I take a lot of pride in knowing that if I'm presented with a task or problem that I'm completely unfamiliar with, that I'll be able to figure it out. This attitude allows me to throw myself completely into things regardless of the situation. 




This mindset also


It really helped strengthen my ability to be self-reliant which really defines how I approach things on a day-to-day basis. 







Regardless of the problem, I feel that I can figure out 


self-reliant This knowing that regardless of the problem 



it has shaped how I approach most problems, 

and it 
which is something that I 





I have predisposition 
and 
attitude of self-reliance 


this sort of 

I really think this ___ highlights 
One of the things that I pride in is 


The idea of completely throwing myself into something that I'm unfamiliar with 